Hi everyone. and welcome back.
I am super excited that you
are here on this third day.
So quick recap on what
we've covered so far.
So day one. we talked about
the one skill that actually
opens up four different doors.
And then day two we talked about
how you only need one door to start.
Hopefully you chose your path and
you know which door is right for you.
And if you haven't chosen your door or
your path yet. then you'll wanna pause
this video and actually go back to
day two and answer the five questions
and then come back and restart this
video here around the 12 minute mark
is when I start asking the questions.
So do that exercise because what
I'm about to teach today only works
if you actually know which door
or which path you are choosing.
Okay. so you know the paths
and you've picked yours.
So today we'll map out
actually how to do it.
So we're gonna go by this step by step.
So what to set up first. how to build
a routine that actually works for
you. and then how to grow from there.
And I'm gonna walk you through
this. like I've never done any of
this before because a lot of you
haven't and that is completely okay.
One quick thing before we start again.
We're gonna cover a full roadmap today.
Something that you can take and
run with completely on your own.
And yes. at the end I'm going to tell
you about something new that I've
built. that I'm super excited about.
And I wanna tell you that now
because I respect your time and I
don't like surprise pitches myself.
So just so you know. there will be
an additional option at the end.
So phase one. we're gonna
cover the foundation.
So this is your setup. your systems.
and the traps to actually avoid.
Then we'll move on to
growth and optimization.
So how to scale what's actually working
and eventually hand off the parts that
you don't need to do yourself. and
that will give you back your time.
Then finally. I'll show you what I built.
So phase one is all about your foundation.
So this is where most people either
set themselves up for real progress
or they set themselves up to spin
their wheels for months on end.
So this is really important
to pay attention at this part.
So I call it the batch creation system.
So it's three different blocks.
So block one is research.
You sit down and you figure out
what's trending right now or what's
selling block two is actually create.
so you take what you found. you
write a prompt. you generate images
or videos or content and edit.
And block three is published.
so that is actually getting what
you created out into the world.
A lot of people get stuck on this.
They are really good at
creating. coming up with.
All types of ideas and products.
and then they never actually
send it out into the world.
So each block can be 30 minutes to
two hours. depending on your schedule.
And if you've got a full afternoon.
then I would do all three.
So one hour.
If you have one hour before
the kids wake up. do one block.
The system can scale to actually
fit your schedule. which is
why I've built it this way.
So this is the question for you.
Does this actually feel doable?
So research. create. publish three blocks.
Could you do that three times a week.
even if just session was an hour?
Because if you can. and I
think that you can. then you
already have the core system.
Everything else is just
refinement from there.
So let's talk about the four traps
that trip up most beginners right away.
So we're gonna talk about the
first one. which is creating what
you like instead of what sells.
And this can be content
or this can be products.
So that is why we research first
and create second. regardless.
So trap number two would be trying
to go all four paths at one time.
So I highly recommend just
focusing on one path at a time.
Really systemize that process for
that one. and then stack additional
ones on after if you so choose to do.
There is nothing harder than
trying to start an Etsy channel.
Start an Instagram account. sell
different products on each of those.
and then maybe try to tack on a
YouTube channel at the same time.
I know I have been there. so my process
has always been to start and focus on
one thing. systemize it. be able to
hand off the majority to a VA or a staff
member. and then focus on my next one.
Trap number three would be quitting
before the algorithm learns
who you are and what you do.
Every platform takes a minimum of 30
to 60 days. and I say a minimum if not
more. to learn what type of content
you create. what type of products
that you sell. and consistency is
how you actually get discovered.
So trap number four is perfectionism.
So waiting until your shop
looks perfect. waiting until you
have the perfect system down.
Making sure your listing is
completely perfect with everything.
all the bells and whistles on your.
Description. your title. your
tags. the actual design itself.
Waiting until it's actually perfect
is only going to waste a ton of time.
And actually the more that you do this.
regardless of if it's perfect or not.
the more perfect that you're going to
get because practice makes perfect.
Like I said. my first listings were
500 plus listings that never sold.
and they were very. very cringey.
They were immediately deactivated
once I figured out what I was doing.
Um. same with videos and content.
Nothing is ever going to be perfect
in the beginning. so it's best just to
try and get as many out as possible.
And in doing that. again. you're going to
see the results that you're looking for.
Okay. so let's talk about the foundation
phase and what this really looks like.
If you are doing this alone.
so on your research day. you
would be opening up Etsy.
There are 99 plus million
listings. if not more. on there.
And you're gonna be looking for
things like which ones are actually
selling. what is trending up and down.
Which niches are oversaturated.
which AI tools create which styles
and which keywords actually convert.
It is a lot to do on this
research day for Etsy.
So once you get all of that figured out.
then you move into your batch creation
system. which we just talked about.
the research day one or block one.
And then you move into your
block two. which is to create.
So create a prompt in chat. GPT.
generate in an AI tool. and then edit it.
And then block three
would be publishing it.
So mocking it up. listing
it. and actually posting it.
Each of these blocks. again.
can fit into a 30 minute to up
to two hours if you have it.
So depending on your schedule.
obviously more is going to get done.
The more time that you have of
each of these different blocks.
So your Tuesday morning could
look something like this.
You sit down for 30 minutes and research
what sublimation designs are trending this
week and fine. three different niches.
Then you could take the next 60
minutes and actually create those.
So you would make the prompts in chat.
GBT.
Then you could create in something like
Nano banana. I just have that listed
here as an example. that you can use
any type of AI generator that actually
fits the style that you're trying to
create. and then you could edit it and
clean it up in Canva if you so choose to.
Again. it can be any editing
tool or software that you use.
Then your next 30
minutes would be publish.
So you would mock up the listings.
you would create your descriptions.
your titles. your tags. and get
everything scheduled or posted.
So that would realistically look
like two hours and you'd be done for
the day listing to your Etsy shop.
And that is the same
system for every pass.
It is not really complicated or glamorous
by any means. but it really does work.
It is as simple as research.
create. publish. and repeat.
And honestly. once you have
this down. regardless of which
path that you have chosen.
Everything else is just growth because
it's really just more about getting
a higher volume done and you get
really quick in each of these batch
creation processes or blocks. um.
which is why I built it that way.
If you are hopping from one thing to
the next. like you go and research
and you find a design. then you go
and immediately just create that one.
Then you might get distracted
creating variations. and then
nothing ends up getting listed.
I've been there and I've done that.
So again. regardless of which path.
it's the same system for every track.
With Etsy. you are researching
niches and designs. and then
AI generates the designs.
And then you list on Etsy with
the AI printables. you research
the different formats or different
niches or different products.
You create the printables again with ai.
and then you upload to the marketplace
of your choice or your own site.
With Instagram. you are
researching content.
So what is performing well for
the theme pages that you are
closely aligned with or related to?
Then you have AI generate the post
and the content. and then you post
on Instagram with YouTube or being a
teach fluent. you research the topics
that you've chosen to actually. uh.
teach and create for your channel.
Then you have AI help you structure
that. come up with different and
unique topics and ideas. and then
you film and post on YouTube.
Now. I a hundred percent remember
when I was sitting at my kitchen
table in the very beginning. wondering
if any of my digital products were
ever going to sell or work. or if I
had made a huge mistake by getting
rid of all of my digital products.
The algorithm hadn't kicked in.
but it really wasn't the algorithm.
Algorithm.
The designs weren't selling. and there
was no one to tell me that I was doing
it wrong or right. even though now in
hindsight. I know what I was doing wrong.
And that is really the hardest part
of phase one is that silence of not
knowing what you're doing. if it's
working or if you're doing something
completely in the opposite direction.
Right now. I want you to think about
all of the four different traps and
be honest with yourself if you've
actually fallen into any of them.
So maybe it's designing what you
love or coming up with content that
you think is really. really great.
Maybe it's trying to start a million
different things at once. and maybe
it's quitting after a week just because
you didn't see quick enough results.
Or maybe you fall more under the
perfectionist type of a person.
which is waiting until everything
is perfect before you've done it.
I know that most of us have
done all of these at least once.
I personally have done all
of them. and that's okay.
And if you are thinking that
you are not tech savvy and that
you can't make AI work for you.
I am honestly am not a
tech savvy person either.
I still hate Photoshop to this day.
I avoid it like the plague. but
with chat GBT. if you get stuck
with any AI tool or software. it
will give you beginner step-by-step
instructions on how to actually do this.
When I was first starting out. we
didn't have chat GBT. um. or if it
was around. nobody knew about it.
Uh. we had Google. but it did not
have anywhere near of the answers
that we have access to today.
For those of you who have a DHD
and you're around because you are
attracted to someone who does as well.
The one thing that has saved me
in phase one is having little
checklists of each step for each path.
So research block. creation
block and published block.
My A DHD brain likes to keep things
in order to be able to check them off
because it is purely a dopamine hit.
Each day has something new and exciting
that I'm not doing the same task for.
you know. eight hours. um. all in a row.
And that really. really helps me stay
engaged and keep my stuff. um. new
and exciting for me to keep doing.
I really do believe that if you
can type a sentence or speak
anything into chat. GBT. you'll
have the core skill of AI prompting.
Which is the single skill
of all of these paths.
I've had students who've never
opened a design tool in their
life creating products that
sell within their first week.
And it's not because they are
special. it's because the tools are
super beginner friendly now. and
you just need to know what to ask.
So realistically on your own. phase
one will take most people three
to six months. and that is three
to six months of trial and error.
Figuring out what works. testing
different tools. and of course.
waiting on the algorithm.
It's not because they are slow
and not because they're not smart
enough. it's just because there
are a lot of moving parts to figure
out. regardless of which path.
And the tools. the trends. the
algorithms. the techniques. and that's
three to six months before you even
know that you are on the right track.
It is 100% doable.
I am proof of that. and I'm not
saying that anyone can't do it.
I'm just being honest that it
is a lot to figure out alone.
Okay. so that's phase one.
So let's talk about what happens when
you have a good firm foundation set
and everything is working because
setting up is one thing and then
growing and scaling is an entirely
different challenge in itself.
So how do you know that you've
actually moved into phase two?
Honestly. your batch process is nailed
down and you are fast at what you do.
You are not hopping around from
different AI design tool or editing tool.
Um. every single day.
You know. when you go and sit down.
you're going to come up with 10 different
products to create. or five different
content creation. a post that you're going
to list or film if you are doing a video.
You're actually pretty fast about it.
The platform is now recognizing
your consistency and rewarding you.
and it's actually working for you.
And finally. you are seeing real traction.
So that can be in the form
of traffic. sales views.
Maybe it's an Instagram reel
that gets thousands of views.
Maybe it is Etsy sales coming
inconsistently every day.
Or maybe you've earned your first
affiliate commission for a tutorial
video that you did on YouTube.
So the most important rule of
phase two is to double down on the
winners and track what is working
and simply just do more of it.
Along with stopping doing
what is not working.
I honestly get really surprised
when I audit shops and I see
something that is actively selling.
And when I go to see what other variations
or niches that they've created the
same type of style in. I will see zero.
And yet I will see a ton more listings
of just random different things that
they are trying and testing out.
And so I really. really wanna say
that if you are selling on Etsy.
if you start to see traction.
With one particular type of style
or design. you should really. really
double down on that and try to scale
that horizontally across other niches
and products as much as possible.
It's the same thing with your
content or your Instagram.
So which videos or posts are getting more
views and what is driving more clicks?
We just want to do more of that and
then just stop doing what isn't working.
Again. this sounds really obvious.
but most people skip this and if you
are still thinking that the market is
too saturated. I wanna go ahead and
circle back to this because I love to
do a little rant on this all of the
time. but the trends are ever changing.
Design styles change month
to month. again. if not week.
To week and what was popular
last Christmas will not
be popular this Christmas.
If you are selling digital design
products or printables on Etsy. because
the opportunities are regenerating
constantly because the styles and
the deeds and what the marketplace
actually wants constantly change.
It's the same for ai. video
content and posts on Instagram
or your YouTube content.
There's always a new trend. and the new
opportunities are literally endless.
None of these are static markets
where someone is going to take your
spot and then there's never going
to be another opportunity again.
It's also why. especially with
Etsy and AI printables and digital
designs. that it can never truly
be a source of passive income.
Um. I. I get really surprised when
people think that they're going
to put up a hundred listings and
then never do anything else again.
Um. because again. those listings
definitely have a lifespan and you will
have to replace them with something else.
So just because you put up a
hundred of them and they're all
good. doesn't mean they're going
to sell indefinitely forever.
There is always a total addressable
market for any particular type of design.
Product or style.
And once it hits that limit or the
design style changes. it's time to
have moved onto the next one. hopefully
before that one has actually died out.
Okay. so now let's talk a little bit
about the part that changes everything.
So the thing that took me from working
in my business every single day to having
my business work for me every single
day without me doing every single task.
This is delegation and outsourcing.
And I don't want this to sound scary
or businessy because it's really not.
um. especially the way that I do.
But pretty much every part
of these different paths can
eventually be outsourced.
Every single one. except for usually the
most fun part. which is your creation
part of your digital products. or the
creation part of your YouTube video or
the content creation of your Instagram
account. even though most of that
can be outsourced if you want it to.
With Etsy designs and digital products.
once you have your system in place.
you can hand that off to a va so you
can do your bulk creation. and then
you can drop it in a folder and have it
mocked up for you. have it listed for
you. have it posted. everything said
and done. and you are just handling.
Creative part. which is
again the most fun part.
Instagram. again. can
be handed off entirely.
Once you have your process narrowed down.
you can hand off your prompting and your
posting and your creation to a VA as well.
What I like to do is run it through
several different iterations of my
process to make sure it's going to
work. and then I just film a quick.
Video of what I'm doing. and then
that is their instructional video.
And then I just say. do three of
these a day or do five of these.
uh. this week. whatever it may be.
And I am completely hands off from that.
And honestly. this is the end game
because we shouldn't be trying
to build ourself another job.
We wanna be able to build a system that
we are not responsible for. for every
little bit and piece of the puzzle.
So we don't wanna build
another job for ourself.
We are where we are just showing up
every day for the same thing forever.
You wanna build a system that
actually runs without you.
Or at least without you doing
every single piece of it.
So imagine checking your Etsy app over
coffee and seeing 12 cells come in from
the designs that you did for about 30
minutes in the last week that your VA then
went and mocked up and listed on Etsy.
Honestly. that is what a real system looks
like when it is fully flushed out and
working. and this is what I've been doing.
So learn one path. build a system
for it. and then delegate it.
Hand off the parts that you don't need to
do or want to do yourself. and then stack.
Not to scare anyone or anything. but we
all know that on Etsy. whether you are
selling physical print on demand. digital
printables. we don't own that shop.
So that is why. especially if
you are an Etsy seller. you wanna
make sure that you have additional
streams or sources of online income.
And that is how I went from one
income stream. which was Etsy.
I took what I learned there.
I started my own membership. and then
I started additional related streams.
I just made sure that I had a repeatable
process that could be delegated.
and then I moved onto the next one.
And that is essentially
the whole strategy.
So you learn something. you build. you
delegate. and then you stack another one.
It's always one path at a time. and
systems first. and then you stack it.
So we never wanna try and start
a second one until we make sure.
Our first. or our initial
one has a repeatable system.
And this is the part that I really. really
wanna be honest about because a lot of
people don't talk about this. but when
I've had to just focus on one thing and
one business and not have the ability
to actually jump for one thing to the
next. to something else when I feel burnt
out. or maybe not creatively inspired.
That's when I just don't
do anything at all.
And then nothing gets done.
I shut down completely.
And if you have a DHD. you probably
know exactly what I'm talking about.
So single focus programs where you
have to do one thing. they actually
don't work for brains like ours.
And that's why I do believe that
multiple paths are not a distraction.
So when I personally have multiple
things that I can work on. that actually
helps me to focus on at least one thing.
So if I am burned out on designs.
I switch to making video content.
The variety really isn't
a distraction for me.
It.
It's a full on survival strategy and over
time. the more that you learn and stack
one skill onto the next. you can add your
own little mini income stream empire.
And it doesn't become a job.
It's not just like a single side hustle.
You have a little empire
built one skill at a time.
So that is phase two on your own.
You will be focusing on figuring out
what is working versus what is not.
You will be deciding when to double
down and when to pivot with nobody
to really bounce ideas off of.
And then you're gonna be finding people
to outsource to without knowing who
to trust or where to get the type
of help that you're looking for.
And then you're gonna be scaling when
something is working and still be
somewhat terrified of breaking what is.
So both phases one and two
is the roadmap and it works.
I have done it. students have
done it. and if you have taken
nothing else from this challenge.
And you went out and implemented
everything that I said on your own.
you'd likely be ahead of 99% of people
who are still watching YouTube videos
and not taking any action at all.
Okay. so before I move on. I
just wanna ask you something.
Has the last three days
actually been worth your time?
Do you feel more confident about which
path actually is going to be best for
you based on your time. your income
goals. and what you actually enjoy?
Can you see how even implementing just one
or two things from the last three days can
help you make real or even better progress
than what you would be currently getting?
If so. that was the entire point.
If you came into this as a completely
beginner and you didn't even know
what AI prompting was for these four
different paths. then look at how
much you've learned now and look at
how far you are ahead of most people.
You now have a real roadmap so you can
take absolutely everything that we've
covered over the past few days and go
and start implementing this on your own.
And I do have complete confidence in that.
In fact. please do actually start.
so this week. pick your track if it's
open your Etsy shop or go start that
Instagram account or that YouTube account
and do one batch session of each of
the three blocks and see what happens.
Because you really don't need
any program to actually start.
I also know something from my own
experience and from watching hundreds
of students actually go through this.
The roadmap is the really easy part.
The hard part comes when it is midnight in
the middle of the week and you've listed
30 designs and only sold one. and you're
stuck wondering. am I doing this right?
Is my niche wrong or should
I change my approach?
Completely and honestly. that
is where most people quit.
But knowing and doing are two
completely different things.
So you can have the perfect
roadmap all written out.
That gap between knowing what to do and
then actually building something with it.
That is where most people will lose all
of their momentum. and it's not from lack
of information. it's from lack of support.
And I am the perfect example of this.
So 500 listings created 30. sold
30 random. not 30 of one. because I
was designing what I liked instead
of looking at what was actually
selling and creating in that way.
At that time. there was honestly no
one to tell me what I was doing wrong.
No one to ask. and really not
even YouTube videos to look at.
And that experience of having like
basic information but no support is
exactly why I've built what I'm about
to show you because I am so tired of
watching people learn everything from
YouTube and then still not do it.
And it's not because they can't.
It's really because nobody's
there when it gets hard.
So what if you had someone in your
corner who was genuinely responsible for
helping you to get through that moment?
Someone who showed up multiple
times a month. looked at your
work. answered your questions.
What if you had every tool I've
built the prompts. the reports.
the AI coach. the dashboard. all
working for you every single day.
Not. here's just a course alone
as a course and good luck take it.
But someone who actually took your success
really per hopefully you would. because
that is what I've exactly built for you.
I'm calling it the AI income operating
system. so it's not so much a
course as it is a support system.
So the AI income operating
system is not a course.
This is a support system that happens to
include courses not the other way around.
So every tutorial assumes that you
are starting from zero. which is the
way that I built it. because most
people coming into any of this are
starting as a complete beginner.
So here's what that same roadmap that
I've been talking about looks like when
you have the full system behind it.
So instead of doing every
single step alone. you have
support at every single stage.
So on your own. you're trying to
figure out what's trending yourself.
And with AI income operating system.
you have the daily trending research for
AI and digital designs and printables
on Etsy. done for you on your own.
You're learning prompting
by trial and error.
Whereas in the system. we have
over a thousand. if not way more
tested prompts that you can copy
and paste for essentially every
type of digital design on your own.
You are simply hoping and guessing
that your designs and products and
content are on the right track.
And with AI income. you are having
design feedback days with actual
real time examples on your own.
You definitely have YouTube to
help you when you get stuck.
But with AI income. you have a
full community and AI coach that
actually answers everything 24 7.
And this is built off of every
single thing that I've ever taught.
So on your own. you're going to be
building every system from scratch.
Whereas with the AI income
operating system. you are
going to have track specific
checklists and workflows for each.
Then finally. which is probably
the most important. is on your own.
You are not gonna have
really any accountability.
You will maybe work on
it when you feel like it.
However. with support. you're
going to have live coaching.
community. and actual commitment.
So the name is new and the four tracks
under one roof is new. but the concepts
that I'm teaching. they are not new.
So again. over 388.000.
Etsy sell a hundred thousand dollars drop
shipping just from Instagram alone shop.
And over 300.000 in a year
just from teaching on YouTube.
And really it is not just me.
So these are some of the
actual results from people who
have applied my strategies.
So over 4.000 sales now at 500
sales. over 600 sales on complete
autopilot success after a long break.
500 plus sales and huge October
results resulting in that.
One is a little bit small.
Over 1700 sales.
In one month alone. I do have an entire
folder of reviews and testimonials
from students who have used my
strategies inside my community and
from my programs. and even from
just implementing my YouTube videos.
But today. you don't need to go
on endless YouTube video binges.
Even if it is just online. it can
be very much out of order compared
to where you actually need to start.
And you don't need to do endless
course learning because this is
probably the best part of what's
inside the AI income operating system.
Okay?
So this is the system plus the training.
So tools that actually work for you.
plus the knowledge to use them. and
there is definitely more than one layer.
So layer one is the system. so the
tools that actually work for you.
This is the part that makes
the AI income operating system
different from any course.
Courses will give you all of
the information and leave and
tools actually keep working.
So we talked a little
bit about the prompts.
There are over a thousand
different tested and tried prompts
that you can use for any niche.
So this is an example of utilizing
the prompts to their full ability.
So 8.000 sales later. a mix of
Bailey's prompts and my own ideas
led to 63 items sold at one time.
So that is the prompt vault
for digital design products.
So inside you'll be able to
take the Pathfinder quiz. which
takes just about seven minutes.
It's based on your time. your skills. your
personality. and your goals. and it will
recommend the best fit path for you first.
So no more going back and forth.
You will just know your
path and where to start.
There are also step-by-step checklists.
step one. step two. step three.
So no more guessing for any of the paths.
You will just look at it
and follow the checklist.
Building.
All of this would take you months.
The research. the tools. the prompt
library. the quiz. the dashboard.
the checklist. months and months
of works. and probably hundreds and
hundreds of dollars in subscriptions.
So layer two is the training.
This is where you learn how.
To use the system. but the training
is the beginning. not the end.
So it will show you how the system works.
and the system does the heavy lifting.
So there are four complete paths.
So Etsy Empire for Digital Design
products. AI. printables. then the
AI eCom for Instagram. and then teach
Fluence if you want to teach on YouTube.
Each one is a complete
path with lifetime access.
So within the classroom. you will
have it all mapped out for you really
easily. depending on which path that
you choose in these different modules.
So you'll have the Etsy Empire. you will
have AI printables. you will have the
Instagram e-comm. you will have YouTube
or teach Fluence. and then you'll have
access to the group monthly coaching calls
and design feedback that we'll be doing.
And then you'll also have lifetime access
to the AI design and grow. which is where
the thousand plus prompts live. and tons
of different trending design tutorials.
If you are selling in the Etsy design
graphic space. I can honestly say that
your first business will not be your last.
So I started in the handmade
and print on demand space.
Then I was in the Instagram space.
then I moved onto Etsy Digital.
Now I am back in the Instagram
space and also on YouTube as well.
Every single path or stack has
used that same AI skill. so you
just need to pick one to start.
And having access to all four
means that you're never stuck.
If you decide later. you wanna
pivot or add on an additional one.
Now I wanna talk about each track and
how really battle tested they are.
So with the Etsy Empire.
obviously that has years of data.
It is public information on Etsy as I
do share my shop. and I've had at this
point. um. over a thousand students.
Being a teach flu is definitely
proven as well as many of you
have been on my YouTube channel.
Most likely you came from there. so
you would know that that does work.
Again. based on consistency and
of course. providing knowledge
and value as best as you can.
Now. because AI printables and
the AI eComm Instagram routes are
so new. I am building these in
real time with the first group.
This is just because up until very
recently. you couldn't create the
types of printables. like digital
planners or checklists or chore
charts or whatever it might be.
With ai. completely with Instagram.
the barrier to entry as far as
creating content has always been
really high. and now with all of the
AI tools popping up literally every
single day. it's never been easier.
So most programs in this space
will cost you anywhere from two
to $5.000 for a single path.
So there is usually no coaching at all.
no design feedback. no lifetime access.
If best you will get 12 months
of access with a lot of them.
I know because I have been in them.
And with this you get complete.
And with this. you get four complete
paths regardless of which one you are
interested in. along with lifetime
access and all updates forever.
If you know me and you've been around
for a bit. you know that I always have
something new on the horizon coming.
Um. and I can tell you that in
the very near future there will
be some AI book types of paths.
So if you are interested in writing books.
whether that is for KDP or selling on Etsy
or your own site. there will be a path
very near in the future of that coming.
I'm super excited about that.
Um. but as with all of these. I have
to work and add my steps as we go.
So we have the system plus the training.
plus the tools that work for you and
the knowledge to actually use them.
And there's still one more layer.
So the AI income OS
challenge pricing is 1697.
Pay in full for you VIPs and
1897 for everyone else. or it
can be broken down into $650 per
month for three months as a VIP.
Or 7 25 for non VIP and VIPs.
Your challenge workbook. your track
picker toolkit. your weekly calendars.
your Google sheet organizer and
permanent replay access are ready.
So your exclusive
pricing is in your inbox.
There is a coupon code.
You just need to apply that at checkup.
So take a second real quick here.
Which track feels the closest to you?
You don't have to be a hundred
percent. even 70% is enough.
Just pick the one that
feels the most aligned.
So layer three is the support system.
So this is the part that makes
the AI income operating system
different from every course that
you've ever bought because this is
the part that most programs all.
And it's actually the part that determines
whether you will succeed or not.
So first is the Bailey bot. and
this is your 24 7 AI business coach.
So this is going to be your best
friend inside of the program.
This is not chat. GBT guessing.
So this is an AI tool that is only
built on everything I've ever published.
So that is YouTube.
That is my courses.
That is my q and a calls.
that is my blog content.
That is coaching calls.
So when you ask it a question. you are
getting my actual advice and not something
that an LLM is pulling from. or random
Google generated advice from Gemini.
It is only going to answer
based on what I've provided it.
So let me show you a little
bit about how it works.
So you will get access to this here.
You can either chat with it here
or you can call it. and it will
actually talk back to you in my
cloned voice. so you can ask it.
These are just some examples here.
Um. let's just put in how. how come I am
not getting any visits to my listings?
I have a lot of very. um. questions
that get asked all of the time
programmed right there at the top so
that you can. um. just click on that
or you can come up with anything.
I will say that out of the a hundred
plus a hundred people that have currently
used this. it has only been able to.
um. it got stuck only on one question.
And the best thing about this is when
it cannot answer a question. I actually
get notified and I can go back in there
and actually add in that content or
information based on what the question
is so that anyone. whoever asks that
in the future has access to that.
Now I do wanna warn you. I can be
a little bit direct with these.
Um. it says you are getting zero visits
because one of. or usually two things.
either no one is searching for what
you're listing or your design doesn't
match what's actually selling right now.
Then I go into a couple of things of how
to actually fix this. and then you can
continue the conversation if you want.
Um. or you can. um. go on
and ask a different question.
This is honestly probably the
best thing that I have built.
And it was the most fun to build. um. as
well. just because I wasn't really aware
of how much I've spoken on the internet.
So it was. um. a really. really
fun thing to see how much
content was actually put into it.
Um. but really the reality is. is
when it is 3:00 AM and you actually do
have a minute to work and you finally
have a question. but I am asleep.
Um. you have it answered.
So there is no waiting for a call.
There's no.
Putting it into the community and waiting
for a response. which can take some time
just due to the amount of people in there.
There's no Googling or trying
to find an answer on YouTube.
It honestly really is like having
your AI business advisor available
all of the time. and that's not
something that money can normally buy.
So we've talked about. um. the
prompt fault that you have access
to the quiz to actually figure
out what track you belong on.
Progress dashboard to track every
path to see what's working and exactly
where you are and what to do Next. you
will have your four complete business
tracks. so the actual knowledge
to get started with any of these.
And then access to my Bailey
Delphi. which is the AI coach
that is available to you 24 7.
Um. that's not going to
give you chat GBT responses.
We'll also still have two monthly coaching
calls that you will be able to access to.
One is a q and a. That is just an open
q and a. You can come and ask anything.
and one is always a focus topic. one with
a follow-up q and a. So you can always
submit questions in advance because these
are always recorded if you can't make it.
And honestly. a business coach charges
anywhere from three to $500 for this. and
you get access to two of them each month.
I will always have a live component
because some people just prefer that.
Um. if they don't wanna
ask the bot the questions.
Um. you are more than welcome though.
The bot has been cheering on every
single one of these calls just because
there is a wealth of information and
knowledge in them from the past two years.
So if you're ever designing and bored
or want something to listen to. you can
always put one of these on from the past.
If you're thinking that I
don't have time for live calls.
again. everything is recorded.
Everything is lifetime access.
There is no countdown clock because
I personally know I've been a part
of those programs before where they
were either six month access. some
three month access. even 12 months.
and you never know what's gonna.
You know. come up in your day-to-day life.
And so that is why this system evolves
because again. AI is going to continually
evolve and so you are always going to
have access to the latest information
and whatever I am cooking up next.
So that is the live group coaching.
That is two times per.
So you're always going to have access
to the community. which is filled
with real people on the same paths.
This is the best place to bounce ideas
off of and get unstuck and see what's
actually working with others in real time.
Most communities like this charge
anywhere from 47 to $197 per
month with no live coaching.
This is included. um. as far
as access lifetime as well.
So if you bought all of these separately
just for the AI coach subscription.
you'd be looking at something anywhere
from 50 to a hundred dollars per month.
If you had live business coaching
with a business coach. you're
looking at three to $500 an hour.
If you're looking for something like
design feedback in a group format that
is still in the 97 to $200 a month range.
Communities with a coaching aspect are
usually in the 1 97 to 4 97 a month range.
So the value that you are getting per
year is in the multiple thousands.
And again. this is not a monthly
access or subscription or even
yearly. it is lifetime access.
So if you want to be on a call
with me for lifetime access.
Then you have that ability.
It also will have all updates.
Again. I always have a new type of AI
business on the horizon coming up soon.
So every new track that I add.
every tool. tutorial and system. you
will have access to that forever.
No monthly fees again. and it's not.
An expiration or has an expiration
date because I want you to be able
to implement it at your own pace.
So that is everything. the system.
the training. the support. all of it.
Lifetime access for honestly less
than a community college class.
which is crazy to think of.
So the link is below this video.
It's start with bailey.com. and
if you already know that this is
for you. then go ahead right now.
I'm gonna go ahead and keep going just
for a little bit to answer some questions.
I know that a lot of you have. but the
leak is there for whenever you're ready.
Now I know that this is a lot of money
and a real investment for anyone. and I
would never tell you that it's not a real
investment and results are not typical.
Individual results will vary based on
your own effort. market conditions.
and actually how you implement.
But what I can guarantee is that
the system. the support in the
community. will be there for you.
Again. the link is below and the
challenge pricing is available right now.
But I wanna cover something
a little bit more yet.
So remember the research
block that we talked about.
In the batch system.
So the first 30 minutes to an hour
where you figure out what's trending.
what is that part was actually
done for you every single day.
So this is actually something that
is different from the trending
prompts that I have always posted
within the design community where the
thousand plus prompts actually live.
This is called your
Daily Gold Mine Report.
So this is going to be things
like trending products. growing
niches. and spiking search terms.
Delivered within the
community on a daily basis.
So this is your reacher
research step done for you.
This is going to cover not only Etsy. but
also things that you can make content for
on YouTube within the AI creation space
and different types of faceless Instagram
niches that are spiking on Instagram.
So this is something brand new
and I'm super excited about it.
So I'm calling it the Daily Goldmine
Report. and that will have its own
module that lives within the classroom.
And I think that I added this because
I love the research base so much for
all parts of these different paths.
So whether that is for YouTube. Instagram.
or for Etsy printables or design. um.
this is one of my favorite parts of it.
So that's why I'm super excited to
share this daily report with you.
Now this bonus is probably what
most have been waiting for to see
or have questions about. and that
is the monthly design feedback day.
So you will be able to submit your
work. your designs. your mockup.
your content ideas via a Google form.
So I will be recording personalized
feedback for everyone. so you'll never
have to guess if your product is good
enough or if you're on the right track.
A design consultant would charge over
$200 for a session like this. and you
will get this every single month included.
So I wanna talk to you about my promise
to you because guarantee usually means
30 days to decide. and that is not
what this due to the axis of everything
that you get and the live support. I
actually do not offer a 30 day money
back guarantee. and instead. I will stay
with you until you see results. which
is why I have lifetime access. meaning.
Lifetime to every update.
lifetime access to every call.
Lifetime access to the community and
lifetime access to your AI business
coach. which is trained on me.
And this is all there for
as long as you need it.
And the real risk isn't the investment.
The real risk is that voice
in your head that says. what
if this doesn't work for me?
And that's the same voice that
has kept you watching probably
YouTube for months without starting.
My guarantee isn't a refund.
My guarantee is that I won't let you
stay stuck as long as you're open to
have support and help given to you.
So a few questions that I get a lot is
I don't have the time. so you might be
thinking that this does sound amazing.
but I literally don't have the time and
I hear you and I am not going to pretend
that you actually do have the time.
And that is why the entire system is
built around 62 90 minute sessions.
Because I built my own businesses
while pregnant with multiple
children. um. at different points
while managing my house and my other
kids and running my other business.
The system was designed for a life
that looks like that. which are
little blocks that you can implement
whenever you have open pockets of time.
Because honestly. every month that you
spend trying to piece this together
on your own is a month of designs
that you're not listing. a month
of sales that you're not making.
And this system compresses
phase one from three to six
month down to literally weeks.
This question is up all of the
time in its. I can just learn
this from YouTube and fair.
You honestly can learn a lot from YouTube.
I myself put real usable
content there out for free.
I'm not going to pretend that I don't.
but the thing is. YouTube actually
just gives you information. whereas
the AI income operating system gives
you implementation and support.
YouTube cannot review your designs.
They can't answer your question
at 10:00 PM when you have asked it
on a million different forums. and
the gap between knowing and doing.
that's where most people quit.
Then I'm sure somebody has thought
that this program is brand new
and this is a fair concern.
The name AI Income
operating System is new.
Absolutely.
But the concept. the systems and
the courses. they are not new.
These are the things that I've been
teaching my one-on-one coaching
clients and students for years that
they have been getting results with.
And they are the exact frameworks
that I built long before
this program ever had a name.
And what's putting new is actually putting
it all in one place and then implementing
the support system along with it.
So this one is probably
going to be coming up a lot.
And that is what if I
picked the wrong path?
So what if I start with AI graphic designs
on Etsy and I realize that I really
should have done the AI printables?
Do I just stop and fail at that point?
And that is exactly why you
get access to all four of the
tracks with lifetime access.
There is no wrong path.
They all use the same AI design skill
of prompting and the Pathfinder quiz.
We'll be there to help you answer that
question from the beginning. and then the
Delphi bot is there to catch you before
you spiral and you know. end up on a
path that you spent way too much time on.
Because really the only way to fail
is just to never start any of 'em.
I can't afford this right now. and I
know that this is a real investment and I
would never tell you again that it's not.
Because I do respect your money and I
respect that this is a real decision
and that is why there is a payment plan.
So you can really just think about it in
terms of what is the cost of another year
of researching. of watching free videos
that year costs more than this program.
Time and you actually
cannot get your time back.
So the payment plan exists
so that this decision doesn't
have to be all or nothing.
You can start building immediately.
and by the second payment. you could
already have substantial results.
You might be thinking that you
need to talk to your partner first.
So I would just say share the replay with
them tonight if they have any questions.
Um. the guarantee means zero risk for you
because you can implement this at your
own time and you have lifetime access.
And you can just say that
I found something real that
you wanted to try together.
So you might be asking. what if
I'm already in your membership?
So the difference between the AI
income operating system is the full
system. and that is really the.
Support implementation that you're
going to get across the four different
tracks in the form of the Bailey Delphi.
um. AI bot. the live coaching. the
community. the design feedback. and of
course. lifetime access to everything
without that monthly subscription.
So a few more quick questions that
I know that you probably have is.
how long do I have access again?
It is lifetime access.
Of course. including all updates. and
that is for everything I ever add.
Can I do this outside of the us?
For most of these tracks. you can.
I will say that with Etsy. some
countries do not allow you to
sell on Etsy. so if that is the
one that you are interested in.
I would specifically look up your
country on the Etsy forum and make
sure that you can. otherwise. you can
definitely have an Instagram account.
Um. you can have a YouTube account.
um. and AI tools work globally.
What if I've never used ai?
So every tutorial assumes that
you are starting from Xero. and
that is how I've always taught.
Do I need to be on Etsy specifically?
And that would be a no.
That is why there are four
different platforms and paths.
What if I want to pick more than
one trek and you get all four.
You can just pick where you want to
start and then add on from there.
What if I can't make the live calls?
Um. everything is always recorded.
Again. lifetime access. and you
can submit your questions prior to
the call if you want it answered.
Live specifically.
If you're ready. that link is down below
and you can click to see if the challenge
pricing spots are still available.
So if you just think about this for a
few moments. just three months from now.
you could have a batch system running.
You've made your first sales.
you're checking your Etsy app over
coffee and seeing orders come in.
If you do hit a wall. you have a
community. you have coaching. you
have an AI coach. and that's what
following a system actually looks like.
And so what would that mean if three
months from now you had your first
real income stream up and running?
Not a dream and not a plan.
An actual real system working
and making sales while you sleep.
So there are three options right now.
Option one is just to keep doing
this alone with free YouTube content.
trial and error. and you probably
will figure this out within a year.
Option two is to buy another
$47 course and more information
without implementation.
Or option three. you can get this full
system. which is tools. training. support.
community. and actually start this week.
Another thing that always comes up
is that it is not the right time.
It is never the right time.
In January. you are
recovering from holidays.
February. you're trying to settle in.
March is spring cleaning.
busy time. April Kids May.
School ends.
June is summer and July.
Maybe your vacation time.
August. you are back
to school in September.
You're trying to get into
those new school routines.
October. we have fall events and
Halloween going on and Thanksgiving.
If you're in the US and December. you're
starting nothing new because you're
in the holiday mode and everything
just restarts again every single year.
Because there is no perfect month.
There is only now.
So the system is here
and the support is here.
The only missing piece is you.
And after this challenge pricing
launch. the AI income operating system
will be available at its standard
price. which will just be higher.
This challenge pricing is a
thank you to the first group.
So let me tell you why
this price actually exists.
The Etsy Empire Track has.
Years of data. hundreds of
students at this point. and
a tested and proven playbook.
If I sold just that track alone. this
price would already be a no-brainer.
But I have been building obviously.
something bigger. which is four tracks.
The newer ones are my newest real things.
and you've seen my numbers. but they
are still growing with their proof.
and that is why I am building those
tracks with the first group of members.
So you're not paying full price because
you're helping me actually build
proof and in return more. access. more
attention. and a price that won't exist.
Once all of the tracks are
fully established. and I
actually add more in the future.
And you will always be the first
to know when something doesn't
work or when something changes.
Because I can tell you with Etsy. with
ai. something is constantly changing or
even when there is a new opportunity.
because jumping on new opportunities
while they are fresh is usually how
people make the most progress the fastest.
Again. the link is below challenge.
Pricing spots are limited. and
when they are gone. they are gone.
So here is exactly what happens next.
Step one. when this video ends.
you can scroll down and you
will see a link on the screen.
You'll land on a pricing page where
you can see both payment options.
Your challenge pricing
is available right now.
Step three. you can choose your
payment plan and place your order.
And if you run into any payment issues.
the email. the support email is listed
on the screen now. um. as we do have
backup options and we'll make it work.
So even if you decide this isn't
right for you right now. this is
totally okay because you have the
three options. yes. no. or nothing.
And the third one is the only choice
that doesn't move you forward.
You learned my exact framework
for all of these paths this
week. and you have a roadmap.
If you now have a batch creation
system and the traps to actually
avoid. that's yours to keep
regardless of whether you join or not.
If you do want the community. the
coaching. the support. the feedback.
the whole system. the button is below
and I will be on the other side.
And before I go. just one more thing.
I built this because it is
exactly what I wish existed
when I was first starting out.
As many of you know. I have tried.
Many things from Kindle. KDP. uh.
MLMs. obviously. glitter resin.
Tumblrs stickers. um. you name it.
I've probably tried it and
most of them worked because
the opportunities weren't real.
It's just because I was doing it
all alone and I had zero feedback or
direction of what was actually working.
And the thing that changed
everything was not a better course.
it was just having a system.
Honestly boring. repeatable. and
predictable system and people around
me doing the exact same thing. and
that is what I've built for you.
I wanna thank you for spending
so much time with me this week.
I don't take that lightly.
Whether you join or not. you showed
up and you've learned something.
I wish you so much success with
whatever path you end up choosing.
And if you decide to do this with
me. I will see you on the other
side and the community is waiting.